gh-94787: [doc] Add to argparse doc an example of a mutually-exclusive group nested in an argument group (#94807)
python/cpython: Doc/library/argparse.rst

   Note that currently mutually exclusive argument groups do not support the
   *title* and *description* arguments of
   :meth:`~ArgumentParser.add_argument_group`. However, you can add a
   mutually exclusive group to an argument group so it appears in the help
   message with a title and description. For example::

     >>> parser = argparse.ArgumentParser(prog='PROG')

>      >>> group = parser.add_argument_group('Group title', 'Group desciption')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     >>> group = parser.add_argument_group('Group title', 'Group description')
```

     >>> exclusive_group = group.add_mutually_exclusive_group(required=True)
     >>> exclusive_group.add_argument('--foo', help='foo help')
     >>> exclusive_group.add_argument('--bar', help='bar help')
     >>> parser.print_help()

>      usage: PROG [-h] (--foo | --bar)

Reviewer: Could you confirm this output? I'm getting this instead:

```
usage: PROG [-h] (--foo FOO | --bar BAR)

options:
  -h, --help  show this help message and exit
```

Author: Yeah, same. I must have copied this from above. Fixed, thank you.

     optional arguments:
       -h, --help  show this help message and exit

     Group title:

>        Group desciption

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       Group description
```

   Note that currently mutually exclusive argument groups do not support the
   *title* and *description* arguments of

>    :meth:`~ArgumentParser.add_argument_group`. However, you can add a
>    mutually exclusive group to an argument group so it appears in the help
>    message with a title and description. For example::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :meth:`~ArgumentParser.add_argument_group`. However, a mutually exclusive
   group can be added to an argument group that has a title and description. For example::
```

     >>> parser = argparse.ArgumentParser(prog='PROG')
     >>> group = parser.add_argument_group('Group title', 'Group description')
     >>> exclusive_group = group.add_mutually_exclusive_group(required=True)
     >>> exclusive_group.add_argument('--foo', help='foo help')
     >>> exclusive_group.add_argument('--bar', help='bar help')
     >>> parser.print_help()
     usage: PROG [-h] (--foo FOO | --bar BAR)

>      optional arguments:

Reviewer: I believe this needs to be changed too:

```suggestion
     options:
```

   Note that currently mutually exclusive argument groups do not support the
   *title* and *description* arguments of
   :meth:`~ArgumentParser.add_argument_group`. However, a mutually exclusive

>    group can be added to an argument group that has a title and description. For example::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   group can be added to an argument group that has a title and description.
   For example::
```

Reviewer 2: (80 chars)
